title=Work Smarter - Ep. 1
description=An wikipedia and brain dump for Jonathan Cox Software Engineer Developer
date=2022-02-27
@@@

# Work Smarter - Ep. 1

02/27/2022

> The first episode in an on-going saga to work smarter.

I have an endless passion for **efficiency**. I've got no clue where it comes from but I constantly want to be able to get to the same result quicker and with less intermediary steps.

As an example, I've built a keyboard that works exactly the way I want it to. Through time, I've mapped they keys to the exact position that makes sense for my brain. As a **Software Craftsman** I'm constantly typing syntax of semicolons, brackets and characters the average computer users never dreams of touching. So to make myself and my workflow more efficient, I've mapped those symbols to a much more continent location. Don't get me started on the backspace key...

That's just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the thought I've put into the mapping of the keycodes to the actual keys. Beyond the **software**, I've thought of the **hardware** as well. Its not you're typical keyboard, its much much smaller. Whats known as a [40%](https://www.google.com/search?q=40%25%20keyboard&rlz=1C1ONGR_enUS976US976&oq=40%25%20keyboard&aqs=chrome..69i57j0i433i512j0i512l8.2460j0j4&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8) board, it has four rows of twelve keys, Everything I need is right there, within a very small fingers reach.

Now Im not suggesting the reader shrink their keyboard and spend hours re-mapping and tweaking the layout. But urge the reader considers how they can increase their **efficiency**.
